{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red17\green134\blue192;\red52\green52\blue52;
\red251\green251\blue251;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh18600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.yiiframework.com/extension/ejwplayer"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 http://www.yiiframework.com/extension/ejwplayer}}
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\qc

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 ejwplayer
\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\i\fs26 \cf2 EjwPlayer is a Yii widget for embedding JWPlayer 6.0 into your web applications\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.yiiframework.com/site/report/?type=Extension&id=1076"}}{\fldrslt 
\i0\fs24 \cf3 report it}}
\f2\i0\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 EjwPlayer
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b \cf4 Overview \cf3 \'b6\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\b0 \cf2 EjwPlayer is a Yii widget for embedding JWPlayer 6.0 into your web applications. If you have purchased the licensed player, swap out the files in 'assets' with your copies.\
Github Repo: https://github.com/paulsz/EjwPlayer\
*NOTE: I have not tested this widget with all possible combinations of JW settings. If you come accross any bugs, please let me know.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b \cf4 Installation \cf3 \'b6\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\b0 \cf2 Either clone or unzip the directory into protected/extenstions/EjwPlayer (or other relevant folder based on your setup).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b \cf4 Usage \cf3 \'b6\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\b0 \cf2 Here is an example of embedding a 2-video playlist, with 2 bitrates for each (270p and 720p):\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs26 \cf2 \cb5 <?php $this->widget('ext.EjwPlayer.EjwPlayer',array(\
    'width' => 1280,\
    'height' => 720,\
    'title' => 'My Test Video',\
    'controls' => 'false',\
    'playlist' => array(\
        array(\
            'image' => '/sample-preview.jpg',\
            'sources' => array(\
                array('file' => '/videos/sample-270.mp4', 'height' => 270),\
                array('file' => '/videos/sample-720.mp4', 'height' => 720),\
            )\
        ),\
        array(\
            'image' => 'https://eduk-videos.s3.amazonaws.com/sey/2012-09-29/js-speaker5-preview.jpg',\
            'sources' => array(\
                array('file' => '/videos/sample2-270.mp4', 'height' => 270),\
                array('file' => '/videos/sample2-720.mp4', 'height' => 720),\
            )\
        ),\
    ),\
)); ?>\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 Options \cf3 \'b6\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400

\b0 \cf2 For a full list of JWPlayer configuation, see http://www.longtailvideo.com/support/jw-player/.\
//Primary Configuration\uc0\u8232 $filepath = File destination for the video, if embedding only a single file and format\u8232 $streampath = Stream destination. Will be combined with $filepath to produce the source video\u8232 $image = Preview image for a single video\u8232 $title = Title of the video\u8232 $div = (default: 'media') The div id for the video. Make sure this is unique for each player on a page.\
//Layout Configuration\uc0\u8232 $controls = (default: true) Whether to display player controls\u8232 $width = Width of the player\u8232 $height = Height of the player\u8232 $skin = Path to a skin file for this player\u8232 $stretching = (default: 'uniform') Options are: none, exactfit, uniform, fill\
//Playback Configuration\uc0\u8232 $autostart = (default: 'false') Whether to start the video automatically\u8232 $fallback = (default: 'true') Whether to provide a download link if HTML5 and Flash not supported\u8232 $primary = (default: 'html5') The primary video player, either 'html5' or 'flash'\u8232 $mute = (default: 'false') Whether to remove audio\u8232 $repeat = (default: 'false') Whether to repeat the video after completition\
//Advanced Configuration\uc0\u8232 $plugins = (Array) Optional plugins provided. See www.longtailvideo.com\u8232 $playlist = (Array) Playlist options. See example above.\u8232 $listbar = (Array) Playlist bar options. See http://www.longtailvideo.com/support/jw-player/28842/working-with-playlists/. $rtmp = (Array) Streaming options. See http://www.longtailvideo.com/support/jw-player/28854/using-rtmp-streaming\u8232 $captions (Array) Caption options. See http://www.longtailvideo.com/support/jw-player/28845/adding-video-captions\
$logo = (Array) Configure your watermark. (Licensed versions only)\uc0\u8232 $ga = (Array) Google Analytics settings.\u8232 $key = Key for JW Ads}